Oh, that is beautiful.
It is terrible.
I can't do it.
Hmm, but yet, you will.
You're growing up so fast.
You say that all the time.
Yes, because you are.
You look so much like your sister.
I wish I could run a marathon.
If I come back and you're a foot taller, I could have ground you.
Oh, yes.
Yes.
Come with me.
Stay away.
We opened your hearts to you, we embraced you,
we let you, an outsider, marry a daughter of our clan.
And how did you repay this kindness?
You took what was not rightfully yours, and now your wife is dead, to atone for your transgressions.
Did you think that you could just walk away?
Hmm?
Where is she?
Where is Eve?
Charlie.
You coward.
You try to convince yourself that fate absolves you of your actions.
There are no choices.
And does that make what you do any easier?
It makes what I do necessary.
One bullet, well placed, can be a magical thing.
It's neither good, nor evil.
But how a man uses it, reveals his true character.
You wanted choices.
Well here they are.
You kill yourself, and your daughter lives.
Or kill me, and you and your daughter have died together.
Choice is yours.
You got your choice.
Now you have the balls to do it.
Tchaikovsky.
How lovely.
At a time of loss there's nothing easier than pity, and nothing more difficult than the truth, as there are no easy answers for grief.
I'd like to be honest with you.
Would that be alright?
Your father was a good man.
He wanted a free and open life for you.
Not like the one that he had to endure.
But, we all live with the decisions we make.
Now he's been taken from you.
I can do nothing about that.
But what I can do, is offer to take you to his family.
They will look after you, and hopefully, one day become your family too.
The director will see you now.
Does she know who her parents really were?
Come here, sit.
You dance, yes?
I run this theater, and I'm always looking for new recruits.
I know you.
I know your pain.
What boils inside of you under the surface.
I can give you somewhere to put that anger.
Those men took your past.
Don't let them steal your future.
Well?
She says my path is not yet, but there is still room left.
Very well.
Thank you, Mr. Winston.
You are most welcome, Miss Makaro.
I know that I will always be at your service.
My name is Nogi.
Did you know my father?
I did.
Your father was Roscoe Romo like me, like you will be too.
He was what we call Kikimora.
What is that?
In Slavic mythology, the Kikimora is a kind of spirit.
To those with darkness in their hearts, she can be vengeful, and destructive.
Like Tempokino?
Yes.
But to the innocent, she can be a protector.
It is two sides to the one coin.
To kill,
to save,
but.
ultimately,
it is up to you to choose.
Are you finished?
No.
Good.
That will be all for today.
Tend to your wounds before you get sepsis and we have to cut off your feet.
Tell Tatiana she is next.
Her Majesty says you're over.
But Lauren hates me.
She hates everybody.
Christ, Eve.
Why do you push yourself like this?
I want to be ready.
Ready for what?
You know what's funny?
When I was a little girl, I actually did want to be a real ballerina.
You are a real ballerina.
The best dancer here.
I don't know if she'll be by in three weeks.
One bullet, while Christ can change the world.
The King Himara's purpose is to stop that bullet.
Hands up!
To become King Himara, you must become the assassin.
You must learn to move like him and think like him.
For this next exercise, we will be using simulated rounds.
What are the rules?
Protect your world at all costs.
That is the only rule.
Why did you fail?
He's too strong.
Do you really believe that strength has anything to do with whether you win or lose?
You will always be weaker.
You will always be smaller and at a disadvantage.
He is beating you because you are allowing him to define the terms of the contest.
Do you want to win?
Change the terms.
Improvise.
Adapt.
Cheat.
Lean into your strengths.
Not his.
Fight like a girl.
Begin.
Where is she?
Tatiana's things are gone.
Did something happen to her?
Sit.
Tatiana did not have the qualities required to continue with the Ruska Vanga.
What are you talking about?
Tatiana, she lacked the killer instinct I see in you.
Your childhood was taken.
This pain is what drives you.
Tatiana, there is sadness, not pain.
There is a difference.
The two are now on different paths.
Then why are you holding me back?
I'm ready.
Perhaps you are right.
It is time.
This is the final stage of your training.
Oh my God.
Are you fucking kidding me?
I'm a fucking test?
How did the money fall?
Do you know who I am?
I'm you.
In ten fucking years.
All of this for what?
All this for a puppy?
He was more than a simple puppy.
Please shut up.
Your ticket is torn.
Shut up.
Thank you for the lifeboat.
Tatiana.
The one they call the Baba Yaga.
The students all talk about you.
The front door is unlocked.
Now I mean, how do I start doing what you do?
Looks like you already have.
That door will lock sooner than you think.
You can still leave.
You still have a choice.
When did you leave?
The director feels you are ready for your first contract.
You will protect this woman, Kepler Park.
Her father is our primary charge.
He is concerned that his competitors may try to get to him by ransoming his daughter.
Your job is to make sure they don't get the chance.
To infiltrate past security,
you will be using a modified, 3D-printed Glock 43X with reinforced carbon fiber barrel and polymer arms.
Rubber bullets?
Problem?
Now, you will find Ms. Park at minus 11.
My friend, stand by.
All right.
It's actually a trap.
We should get out of the way.
I can't.
I understand.
Stay high enough.
We're safe now.
It's fine.
Let's go.
Can we stop getting elevated?
Yes.
It's better safe than sorry.
Let's go.
Miss, something's leaking from your bag.
Yes, thank you.
No problem.
Is there a reason you brought me a severed hand?
Look at the scar.
I've seen this before.
That's the same scar as the man who murdered my father.
It was a mark from a tribe.
You knew who they were.
How dare you?
I have been protecting you.
Why didn't you tell me who they were?
My child, you do not understand.
People with that mark, they have no rules, no consequence, no mercy.
They do not interfere with our business, and we do not interfere with theirs.
This is a pact as old as the Ruska Roma itself.
All these rules, who are they serving?
When you deal in blood, there must be rules, or nothing survives.
Why would a tribe try to kidnap a child?
I am warning you.
You will not find them.
And hunting for them will only bring chaos.
I'm ordering you, do not pursue this.
Do I make myself clear?
Yes, ma'am.
Please.
Take your hand.
Welcome to the Continental.
Checking in?
No.
I'd like to speak with the manager.
Is he expecting you?
No, he's not.
I see.
And what may I ask is your name?
Eve.
Eve Macauro.
Let me see what I can do.
Eve Macauro of the Ruska Roma.
What a pleasure to see you again.
Please.
So what brings you here?
I'm looking for the tribe that killed my father.
And if I suggested you didn't?
I would smile and nod, and then ignore you.
Ah.
The director has already warned me about them and the rules.
So I can appreciate your reluctance.
That's very kind of you.
But a few words of advice, if I may, Miss Macauro.
Whatever information you think these people have, it might not be in your best interests to know it.
I still need to know.
Needing to know is what got us banished from the Garden of Eden.
Are you prepared to be cast out again, Eve?
Very well.
I'll give you this.
It's not a tribe, it's a cult.
That kills not just for business, but for sport.
Why we live among so-called polite society, they do not.
Where can I find him?
The precise location is unknown.
But we do monitor them when they stay at our hotels.
They have access to the Continentals?
Oh, yes.
Better to have them inside the tent, pissing out, and outside, pissing in.
And yes, there is a man who bears that mark, staying at one of our hotels in the prison,
- In Prague, I believe.
- Oh, my business.
Shall we?
Hello, my dear.
Here you'll be, darling, and bring up the latest Blackwire submissions on Daniel Pine.
Daniel Pine.
Contract submitted three days ago, bounty accepted to a million.
He's currently holed up inside the Prague Continental, room 3-1-5.
No outside calls have been allotted, and he's purchased an extra odor from service.
What's the ice cream?
Sweet Tooth.
Hard copy, please.
Sir, here is a call from the director.
Win a square, please, senorita.
Checking in?
Certainly.
And how long will you be staying with us?
Just the night.
Room 3-14, please.
Still no word from Pine.
Where are my words?
Keep your eyes on Pine.
We may have a taker.
We have a taker.
A woman.
Dark.
Dark hair.
She's dead.
Who are you?
You're not supposed to say that word.
Right.
Sorry.
What's your name?
Hello.
I'm Eve.
You're not going to hurt my daddy, are you?
Your father?
Now, come here.
It's going to be all right, but you can stand behind me, senorita.
What do you want?
When I was a child, men with your mark murdered my father.
I just want to know where to find them.
You have no idea what you just walked into, do you?
No business being conducted.
You've just talked to me.
Contract services.
How can I help you?
Bound 8-6-5-1.
Name on contract?
Danielle Pine.
Double the contract.
You've just made everything a whole lot worse.
Those people that you're looking for are surrounding this hotel right now.
Hoping somebody breaks the rules and takes the bait.
I think they were hoping that somebody was going to be you.
I know you just made a man, Z.
Why would they be at the hotel?
They just want me dead to get to her.
Come on!
Verdammte scheisse!
He's moving!
I'll fight him!
Come on!
Dammit!
Ella, honey.
Let's go.
Why did I want her?
It's a cult.
No one gets out.
Ever.
I think I'd help you get Ella out of here.
She deserves a better life than this.
I can't.
That's not why I'm here.
You can come more.
I know what you do.
Help me protect her.
I'll tell you where to find her.
Please?
Daddy?
Are we going to die?
No.
Come on, baby.
You can trust her.
Come on.
How many left?
Two and ten.
Fuck.
Come on!
Good?
Good.
Sir, there was someone else there.
Who?
A woman.
On the contract?
I don't think so.
I think she might have been after Ella.
Really?
Do you...
Do you know who she is?
Not yet.
I left her for continental security.
They started this.
That's bullshit.
I did not break any rules.
You broke my fucking jaw.
You still use me.
I didn't kill anyone.
You're going to need to check out.
Understood.
And what are we doing today, madam?
I'd like to go hunting.
Have you ever done business with these people?
I have not.
But you know one of them.
You know more than me, I assure you.
May I be frank?
I prefer to keep it that way.
Are we just window shopping today?
Or would you like to make a purchase?
Depends on the merchandise.
Off to you, madam.
So, will this be a large or small game, madam?
Large.
The V700 TTI.
Currently rounded 308.
It's got a trigonometry point one to six octagons off.
And in case they want to get up close and make it personal, we've got a side R&R for the faster, dirtier stuff.
TTI custom-built in 1821 in February.
An oversized charging handle.
An oversized bulb release.
This'll take a bear's head off.
Easily.
Now this is a possible favorite of mine.
No!
Motherfuckers.
All right.
You didn't hear this from me.
Their precise location has never been confirmed.
Since anyone's ever gone looking, has also gone missing.
That's bad math.
However, whispers suggest they've been going together somewhere in these peaks, deep in the mountains past Abbasid and Felkirk.
So much.
It's more than I had.
Thank you.
Sorry about your shop.
I need a car.
Did you think I would not find out that you expressly disobeyed my orders?
Then tell me who they are.
I told you we do not engage with them.
You risk the destruction of our family for what?
Your own selfish reasons.
Return at once, or I'll have no choice.
Can I get you anything?
Just a coffee.
Fuck.
Send somebody to the restaurant.
Hurry!
No!
I'm not going to hurt you.
Fuck.
This is the eye.
What is it?
The outsider has not been contained.
Engage full protocol.
Fuck.
You're having a little tea party.
Aren't you going to say hello to your grandfather?
Where's Daddy?
Is he okay?
You have no idea how worried I was.
All of us.
Your father, well, he broke our customs.
He's trying to take you away.
Away from me.
Away from your family.
I hate you.
That hate will make you stronger.
Chancellor.
We've got her.
Is she dead?
She's Moscow now.
She had their mark.
You know, I met your director once.
Just many years ago in Moscow.
Not a very pleasant lady.
But we did have a respectful conversation nonetheless.
A shared understanding of the roles that we both play.
And more importantly, the roles that we don't play.
The director didn't send me here.
The Moscow Roma has nothing to do with this.
Well, it does now.
Why are you here?
If you've come for the girl, you are gravely mistaken.
Ella is my granddaughter.
Someday, all of this will be hers.
My son.
No.
He tried to deprive her of her true heritage.
You put a contract on your own son?
You may have noticed we don't take well to outsiders meddling in our town.
This is where people like yourself come to live.
To have real lives.
To raise families.
Wouldn't you like to someday have a family of your own?
I had a family.
I was a child.
Men came into my house.
Men from your tribe.
Ah, I see.
This is about vengeance.
They killed my father.
And tried to take me.
Tried to take you?
Fate is a very hungry thing.
What is it?
Ella, she wasn't working for Poyn.
She's here because I killed her father when she was a child.
She's your sister.
No.
Stop saying that.
What are you doing?
Ella!
All this time I thought you were dead.
What are you talking about?
You don't remember, do you?
We were born here, Eve.
We both were.
My little sister has come home.
When I was younger I used to wonder.
Why did they take you and not me?
Later I realized it was to leave them.
I'd already taken a life.
But you.
I thought I could raise you with no memory of this place.
Of your true home.
But I guess it never leaves your blood, does it?
In the end, we are who we are.
We are not the same.
Your people killed my father.
Our father, yes.
For betraying us.
And then our mother had to pay the price.
The Chancellor was trying to save you that night.
He was trying to bring you back home as he would for anyone.
My father was trying to give me a normal life!
Well, he would be very proud.
You're forcing children into this life, as Roscaroma has with you.
No!
She gave me a choice.
I chose this!
Who did you?
Or did fate just find another path for you?
At least here, we're honest about who we are.
No teaching where lies.
You've got eyes on her.
Covenant history.
She's inside with Luna, sir.
Talking.
Take them out.
Sir?
Kill them both.
You heard the Chancellor.
Blow it.
I was only nine when they told us you were dead.
Save your breath.
I missed you.
Stop!
Frankie!
Don't you copy?
Is it done?
This isn't done until you're dead.
Yes?
We have a problem.
You and I.
What problem might that be?
That a member of your tribe has contravened a centuries-old truce.
The Roscaroma have no desire for a war.
Especially not with you.
Whether you send her or not is of no interest to me.
You will accept full consequences of her actions.
Which are?
The end of your tribe.
Your students, your fucking pets.
Everything.
Call her off.
Chancellor, she's operating against Roscaroma.
I could not call her off if I tried.
Then war it shall be.
Perhaps an agreement could be struck.
I can send someone to solve the problem.
Someone capable.
No more bloodshed.
If you agree to this, you must also agree that your men will not engage.
If come midnight she still breathes, retaliation will be inevitable and total.
And if the problem is taken care of?
Then I will reconsider my response.
Very well.
I will of course need your location.
A secret I assure you will die with me.
Ugh.
Madam, she is family.
She has made her choice.
Citizens of Houshmand, this order stays in effect until your banners ring out.
As of now, you do not engage.
Anyone who feels competitive or against this order will be cast out.
Leave the wolf to its prey.
You sent you here to kill me?
That's up to you.
Or you can leave.
Your choice.
Do you remember me?
Promethean.
Remember what you said to me?
You told me I could leave.
That it was my choice.
It still is.
I'm not leaving.
Don't have to do this.
Just leave.
Leave.
Just go.
He killed my father.
I know.
Let me finish this.
Midnight.
If it isn't done.
Wolves.
And consequences.
Let her go.
Attention.
Every citizen is now being called to hunt the outsider.
She wants me.
And she wants Ella.
Orders you find her.
And you destroy her.
Stay there. Hold!
in the interest of Hallstatt's survival, it would be best to relocate you.
In 200 years, no leader of Hallstatt has ever left the seat of power to seek shelter.
I understand.
But sir, we've also lost track of John Wick.
We've got to cross here.
Don't you think we've had enough?
Do you really think you're going to save her from me?
From all of this?
Whatever happens here, nothing is going to change.
The village will remain, the children will be raised, and the system will continue as it has for the last thousand years.
Look at you.
You know that you don't choose to be a killer.
You are chosen.
Just like your sister was chosen.
Just like Ella has been chosen.
It is your fate, and you cannot change it.
The only person you're fighting is your...
It's okay.
Done?
Done.
So, she is dead?
He is dead.
Fine.
Daddy.
Hey, sweetie.
Come on.
Get up here.
Room 814.
I trust the talk went well?
Checking in?
Yes.
Safe haven, Miss McCall.
You may have cut the snake's head, but the body still lives.
They'll be looking for you.
Contact service is happy to help you.
Name of the account?
Accessing.
Subtitles And Synchronization By William Bender
Contact : williambndr2024@gmail.com